To note that product in Hollywood, California, Carmen Town is now in session.
Happy Easter!
Let's welcome to the stage the mayor of Carmen Town, Mr. Dan Frontier's apartment.
Thank you! Happy Easter!
What's the thing for Thanksgiving? It's about what you're thankful for.
You tell everybody you're thankful for on Easter, is it like what you're relieved about?
In keeping with the Christian tradition of like, whew!
He's up.
It's a spring ceremony about that things are back in bloom, that Jesus is back in bloom.
He's blossoming like a little flower. He's ready to pollinate with his Christ pollen.
It's a pretty uplifting thing, isn't it?
You're reminding me right now of a movie I don't like, and I know that people here love it, Donnie Darko.
I don't like Donnie Darko, and you're reminding me of the terrible nightmare rabbit from Donnie Darko.
I have ears on like that costume, so you're saying the rest of my face and body are like a blood-soaked, dirt-coated, creepy rabbit costume.
Precisely.
So when I'm not wearing the ears, you just think I'm like a creepy, gross, furry, bloody...
I think you're a lazy Donnie Darko.
I don't think the rabbit's name is Donnie Darko.
I don't think your hatred of the movie is valid if you don't know that.
But check this out, look.
What?
You showing me a slightly off-center cottontail on your ass is not going to stop me from having more nightmares.
But of course, you know, our audience is filled with jaded hipsters, so they already know that Easter is, of course...
What is a hipster, by the way? What is your definition of hipster?
A hipster is any person that you are projecting a bunch of your insecurities onto.
But couldn't there also be jocks and also hippies?
Yeah, I don't think that there's people who present as jocks anymore in the millennium, so everyone just calls everybody a hipster that they don't like.
Even Los Angeles, anyway. I'm sure there's archetypes in the Midwest that you could go, like, that guy's a fucking tractor.
Look out in our audience, look out and physically make eye contact. Find what you would think of as a hipster.
Yeah, they're all hipsters.
If there was a jaded, stand-out comic that came up here, he would call them all hipsters.
I've been through this situation. Channel 101 kids were called hipsters at this open mic because they came to see me do stand-up instead of this other guy.
I called them all hipsters. And it was like, we're nerds, fucking hipster.
Yeah, I think we have 100% nerds, no hipsters.
What I don't see is hipsters wearing, like, ironic, weird scarves for no reason.
Well, I mean, for instance, there's a razor-raiser fine line between nerd girl and hipster.
I mean, if you're a nerd girl, how do you distinguish, you know, like, if you're a guy and you see a nerdy girl?
Well, I would say there's a very definable line between nerd girl and nerd hipster.
It depends if her glasses are actually prescription or if that's what it is.
I mean, if she takes off the glasses, then walks into a wall, then she would, okay, gotcha, she's a nerd.
Just take our front row, find a hipster in our front row, or admit they're all nerds.
We got Lena Dunham here, and she's definitely a hipster. Will you stand up and wave to everybody?
You're the ultimate hipster. Lena Dunham, everybody.
She's a nerd! She's a nerd?
No, right, she's a nerd. Yes, that was very nerdy behavior. Thank you.
Where's this going? What's your idea?
I don't think there's hipsters here. I think we've all, we, Harmontown, we never really went to the moon,
because we gave up on that premise a fucking good long time ago.
But what we did do is we went to the moon of no hipsters, just nerds. Right?
Yeah. I mean, you're pretty drunk.
He said nervously adjusting his bunny ears.
I mean, it's Easter. Jeff said, are we doing a show on Easter? I said, yeah, sorry about that, and my assistant's Jewish.
And Jeff said, well, I'll come, but I'm going to be pretty drunk.
Actually, I'm not as drunk as I would like to be. I drink a lot of rosé Greek wine at Dino's, but I'm not as drunk as I wish I were.
No. I think that's in the eye of the beholder.
Anyways, I think Easter is, of course, based on the absorption of the solstice.
What does Easter mean for you? I've internalized Easter.
It's spring. It's coming out of winter and into the time when the winter thaw and stuff.
For my family, growing up as a Lutheran kid in Wisconsin, we would dye the eggs and then we would hide the actual hard-boiled eggs.
I found out that's not as common a thing. A lot of people hide the plastic eggs filled with candy.
Makes more sense. What kid wants to find a hard-boiled egg?
I did. I was like, I can't wait to find all the eggs.
You and I are about the same age. It was always hard-boiled eggs. There were no fake eggs filled with candy.
You found a hard-boiled egg.
But why? Why did you want to find them?
Because it was Easter.
I also associate Easter with my clearest memory about Easter is, unfortunately, for my mom.
I remember waking up with my brother and walking into the living room and there was this piece of typewriter paper with a sharpie-pen note written on it that said,
Easter has been postponed. Because somebody misbehaved the previous day, there was a big family fight or something.
So we woke up and we were like, what the fuck does postponed mean?
And my brother was like, I think it means canceled. I think it means delayed. I think we're going to have an Easter later.
Then we had to force ourselves to go like, well, do we like Easter? Do we care if it ever arrives?
Isn't the whole point of Easter that Jesus delayed it for three days before he...
Yeah, a good Easter has always postponed.
Yes.
How ironic.
Jesus can't be on time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's like somebody ruining Christmas by giving birth.
To Jesus.
That's the only way to ruin it.
Or like if you're like, oh, Christmas is ruined because there's no room in this hotel.
There's so much room, fuck it.
Why would you stay in a barn? There's room at the hotel.
All right, so I... let's see what we got here. I don't think a lot.
Let me know in the booth if our special guest shows up.
We have a guest? Also, don't tell me who it is. I don't know that.
Dan, special secret. I'm a little drunk.
So to go back to my thing, it's Easter, so what are you relieved about?
Why is it about relief?
Because when the people saw Jesus come out of the cave, I'm sure they were like, whew.
No, I don't think it's relief. I think it's a crisis.
Well, maybe for a few...
For the Romans and the Jews and everyone else. What does this mean? It's a moment of crisis.
I don't think we celebrate Easter through the eyes of the Romans.
No, we celebrate against the backdrop of the Romans. The idea that we help the guy get killed,
and that he's now... where the fuck is he?
We have to take on the word of a few people that he's risen.
He actually rose from the dead. Relief is not what's happening then.
It's like, what the fuck is happening right now?
For the followers of Jesus, I don't think they felt relief.
They were like, whew, shit!
Well, what is that?
They killed our friend, now he's gone, now he's alive.
So surprised? Pleasant surprise?
I don't think they said, oh, what a pleasure.
So on Easter, you should ask yourself, what are you pleasantly surprised by?
I'm pleasantly surprised by you wearing bunny ears.
Also, I'm pleasantly surprised by the fact that this is a holiday that absolutely means nothing,
including people that believe in the New Testament, the Old Testament, and any Testament.
It's really... it's simply a spring ritual. That's all it is.
Well, isn't that kind of uplifting that even the Holy Roman Empire, with all of its power, had to...
They're like, you know what, we can rule by force with a lot of ways,
but we can't keep these people on these equinoxes, these solstices.
We can't keep them from knowing that the eggs are important.
And so we've got to move Jesus's various thresholds.
The Empire, I think about like 300 or 400 years before Caesar ruined the Republic.
The Gauls, which is basically France, a bunch of barbarians they called him,
came in and took over and kicked a bunch of ass in Italy and went right to the gates of Rome.
The geese flew off in the sky.
And Romans worshipped the geese for hundreds of years after that,
because the geese went honk, honk, honk, honk, honk, and warned Rome that the fucking Gauls were at the gates.
And they hated dogs because the dogs didn't bark.
So for a couple hundred years, for a couple hundred years, then there was a ritual.
There was a ritual in Rome while Caesar was in Gaul and fucking Pompey and Caesar
and a lot of fucking mate, like Cato and Cicero and people we know were there.
Because Cato?
C-A-T-O, not Cato Kalem.
There was a ritual held where dogs were murdered in the streets of Rome
and geese got to sit on golden pillows and watch it happen.
So that's the backdrop of where Easter fucking happens,
because it was only about fucking 50 years later that Jesus was killed or was around and was dead.
Isn't it crazy that it wasn't too long ago when animals were like competitors to us?
We were still kind of like on the same pop chart with them.
We were living in cities, but there was still, like in the back of our heads,
there was like a threat that maybe we'd be living in Beartown one day.
They never make the wall a little higher.
These fucking bears are looking their eye.
Rome was Wolftown, so it's two wolves the fucking fan of the goddamn thing, right?
Yeah, and Athens was just like a rocky crevice.
People crawled up into some holes to get away from all the animals.
Then they built the Acropolis on that.
The whole foundation of Western civilization is just based on us being scared of animals
and wondering why they're so much smarter than us.
Why do they always know what to do?
God damn it, every time we try to hunt something, the dogs get there first.
It's a really uplifting story that we ended up having them as pets and stuff.
It's sad that we at one point were so ticked off at them
and kind of still insecure that we had to slaughter them and stuff.
It's a little sad.
Alright, so anyways, can we do a new segment called,
My Wife Bullies Me?
Yes, we can.
When you get married, it's time to get picked on by your wife
for the rest of your life.
She can make fun of you,
because it would be hard for you to just get up and leave.
So all your shit is there,
and you promised in front of God and her dad that you'd stay.
So that was Easter.
Erin was coordinating things with Hoppy Town, our Easter mascot, Hoppy Town.
You guys met up front.
She came down to visit me,
and I was having a nice Easter with the Easter basket she made for me
with all kinds of Reese's products in it.
I had put on a selection of music in a really roundabout way.
We call them chain zingers.
A chain zinger is like,
if somebody is taking your french fries off of your plate while you're eating,
instead of just saying, hey, you're taking all my fries,
you go, so where are you going to deposit it?
And then the other person goes, deposit what?
You go, oh, your money.
Don't you have a bunch of extra money now?
And they go, what do you mean?
And they go, well, because you're getting so rich now, aren't you?
Because you're saving so much money on blood pressure medication?
No, what are you talking about?
Well, don't you have really low blood pressure?
No, I don't think so.
Well, then how come your sodium intake just seems to be so high?
What are you talking about?
You're eating my fucking fries!
That's a chain zinger.
So she came down and did a chain zinger.
I'm not going to try to recreate it.
I want to hear more chain zingers.
They're not easy, and they've become a thing unto themselves.
Just try it with your loved ones home.
So the person zinging you is doing a chain zinger?
They start eight steps back, and they make you go,
what do you mean, like eight times, and then they insult you.
So she did one of those, and I'm not going to bother to recreate her chain zinger,
I wish you would.
Because of the music I was listening to, she called me a gay drug dealer.
Wait, is that how she opened up the chain zinger?
Or is that the payoff of the chain zinger?
No, that's not how she opened up the chain zinger.
I'm still confused about what a chain zinger is.
Well, I shouldn't have distracted you with that,
but I didn't want to undersell her bullying of me.
It's very sophisticated.
I also don't remember what her chains are.
Her chains are a little sloppy.
I don't want to try to recreate their lame half the time.
Do you chain zing her?
Yeah, I do.
So what would be you chain zinging, Aaron?
You know, I don't know. They're hard. They're hard to do.
All right, well, you're asking us to buy a premise that I don't quite understand, right?
I'm asking you to buy a cup of coffee.
So my wife...
This episode can't be called chain zinger
until you tell me what a fucking chain zinger really is.
What's the meat and potatoes of a chain zinger?
All right, all right, Jeff.
Jeff, are they...
Try and chain zing me on what I'm doing right now.
Okay. Jeff, are they removable?
What?
The tattoos.
Which tattoos are you talking about?
The ones that you get in prison.
The ones I got in prison?
Yeah, didn't you go to prison?
I've never been to prison.
But what happened after you hit that tree?
Which tree?
The one that you hit in your car.
I didn't hit a tree.
Aren't you an alcoholic?
No.
Wait, this tree...
I tried to back into...
I don't want to do a chain zinger on command.
They're hard. They're hard.
That's if I wanted to know what a fucking chain zinger is.
I just tried one. It was bad, but I did one.
Give me a fucking historical chain zinger.
No, I don't keep track of them.
But you're grinding an axe about chain zinging.
All right, all right, all right.
We're not leaving this room until I fucking know what a chain zinger is.
All right.
Is it hard for you to...
Do your eyes hurt? Do your eyes hurt?
Currently?
Yeah.
No.
Okay, but doesn't all the flash photography hurt your eyes?
When does lots of flash photography?
When you do a red carpet.
Oh, yeah, I mean, you asked me could it...
It's a possible word. There's lots of flash photography.
You were in that movie recently.
Right. That movie called...
Well, Lawnmower Man 3.
Yeah, right.
Because aren't you Job?
Don't you have control over time and space?
No, I was just an actor.
Well, you're putting me on the spot.
I kind of cheated with that one.
Am I cheating? I mean, not accomplishing your goal.
A broken chain zinger.
I want a chain zinger.
I mean, these are examples of chain zingers.
They're not good ones.
You mean that somebody's trying to mush it to you over the long term.
They're trying to get you...
They set you up.
They force you through a series of hoops.
Yeah, you just make someone walk with you to the place where you slap them.
Why was I in Lawnmower Man 3?
Because you were putting me on the spot.
If we call this fucking episode a chain zinger, I'll fucking kill everybody in this room.
We only get to call this episode a chain zinger if Dan does a chain zinger
and the audience knows what the hell he's talking about.
Do you guys know what I'm talking about?
Yes!
Okay, somebody came up on the stage and chained zinged Dan
and proved to me what he's talking about.
Precisely. Nobody fucking knows.
They're hard. They're hard.
I understand the premise.
I just want to hear a story about being properly chain zinged.
Let's do it. Do you have a chain zinger?
Is that what you said? Let's do it?
Yeah.
Well, let him do it first.
Come up and chain zing.
What's your name?
Ben.
Hello, Ben.
Sorry.
We met two days ago.
Good to meet you.
Alright.
Are you going to improv a chain zing?
Do you have a current existing beef that you're going to zing Dan on and chain in fashion?
No, it's half and half.
Okay.
Hey, Ben, can I ask you, do you...
There comes a bad chain zinger.
Do you find it difficult to move?
Aren't you part robot?
No.
Don't you have a speaker for a mouth?
Because you're not talking on the microphone.
Okay.
Sorry.
I see that as a chain zinger, but I don't see that as a zinger.
Alright.
I see the chain...
Okay.
Here's the chain zinger.
Hey, Dan.
Yes, Ben?
Did all those doves die?
What doves? What are you talking about, Ben?
Did all those doves die when you and Aaron threw all that rice?
What rice did we throw? I don't get it. What do you mean?
At your guy's most recent wedding.
Yeah, we got married.
I mean, when you and Aaron got married to doing chain zingers.
No, no, don't fucking...
That's not... That doesn't fucking scan. It doesn't scan at all.
They're not easy to do.
I know. Give me one version where it works.
No, because they're hard.
Then why bring it up?
Why bring up skateboarding? Skateboarding's hard.
If Tony Hawk came on stage, you could skateboard.
Wait, but...
What's a chain zinger?
We just made it up. Someone had to put wheels on a board
before Tony Hawk could ever be good at something.
We're sending these people out into the world.
That person didn't think he was zinging somebody. He thought he was an engineer.
Jeff, Jeff, can I ask you a question?
Only on one condition, Dan. This is a fucking chain zinger.
You can ask me multiple questions. You can ask me as many questions as you want.
Does it get lonely being so old?
How old?
Aren't you as old as the universe, almost?
You're younger than you are.
But you're not hydrogen?
No, I'm not hydrogen.
I'm a mixture of different atoms.
Mostly water, right?
I believe a certain high percentage of what makes up a human body is water.
That would explain your slight negative charge.
It doesn't work. It doesn't fucking work.
Wait, water is negatively charged?
It has a slight negative charge. It's responsible for all life on the earth.
It's responsible for the capillary motion of water.
Oh, I'm sorry. Chain zinging. I didn't know I'd get it.
I'm going to sit down.
Okay, thank you, Ben.
Ben, get the fuck out of here.
Anyways, my wife told me I had the musical taste of a gay drug dealer was the point.
See, that's just a zing. Why bring the chain into it?
I made a huge mistake when I did that. Believe me.
Why walk me down a primrose path?
I felt like Erin would yell at me later if I characterized her as just coming down
and saying, you sound like a gay drug dealer listening to this music
because the truth is she was more creative about it.
So I wanted to acknowledge that out of fairness,
but you got very distracted, like a Jack Russell terrier staring at a socket
that you think a bug went into.
Like an English bulldog got distracted.
Okay.
Why does a witticism have to make me go through a bunch of fucking weird hoops?
Nothing has to do anything. You're reverse hitlering.
No, I'm hitlering. Reverse hitlering is a chain zinger.
What were you listening to?
What?
She called you that.
LCD sound system.
Alright, now I'm on her side.
Which she probably introduced me to.
I was listening to a Pandora station based on LCD sound system.
So there was, at the time, I guess,
wait, you know what? That's a compliment gay drug dealer for music.
I mean, like, what are those guys?
It's not like you get into your gay drug dealers car and Willie Nelson's on the radio.
Oh, Willie Nelson's great.
If I have to hear a stranger's music, I hope it's a gay drug dealer.
That'll be good music.
That's that in clothes too, right?
Like, you'd want to dress like a gay drug dealer too, I assume.
If you want to be like, oh, caron.
Alright.
I mean, they're gay and they deal drugs.
They're on the bleeding edge of society.
The bleeding edge?
Yeah.
Yeah, the bloody, bloody edge.
You, you, okay.
Hey, listen, can I ask you a question?
Dan, you get to ask me as many questions in a row as you want.
Were you like, were you really hurt?
Were your feelings hurt?
Just, just recently?
Yeah, well, specifically when Bruce Wayne hurt them.
What are you talking about?
Well, when he came to your, your research facility at Wayne Industries
and he rejected your inventions.
Dan, can I, can I be honest with you?
Yeah.
Maybe in the history of my whole life.
I don't think it's ever been a time when I have been more hurt
when, while I was making Wayne Industries inventions
when Bruce Wayne himself came in and he wasn't fucking digging it.
So, so you...
I was fucking mortified.
I was almost suicidally hurt when he came in and said, boo,
I don't dig it, I don't like it.
And that's when you became the Riddler, right?
Oh shit, you're right.
I never put those two together.
I, I knew that, I knew that one day I started becoming a super villain
and asked questions instead of giving answers.
You, that's why you're always questioning me.
Right?
You ruined my chainzinger.
Dan, here's a riddle for you.
Riddle me this, is it hard to ruin a chainzinger?
Well, no, it's not.
You could, you could, it's not hard.
Yeah.
All you have to do is to...
It's not a magic trick.
If you do jumping jacks during it, you can ruin it.
If you interrupt it, you can ruin it.
So, I'm not allowed to really love chainzingers as a premise or a concept.
What do you mean, love them?
You're not allowed to, you're not allowed to ruin them.
Do you love chainzingers?
I mean, you're allowed to do whatever you want.
I love chainzingers.
You, my friend, have been chainzing'd.
No, you haven't, it doesn't exist, it's not a thing.
All right, well, let's bring out...
No, no one comes out, we're going to fucking finish this.
Come on, you're going to want this guy to come out.
Who?
He's an old friend, we haven't seen him for a couple weeks.
Curtis Armstrong's back.
Oh, no, shit!
Curtis Armstrong!
Howdy!
Hello, Curtis.
My god, it's so festive here.
Yeah, happy Easter.
Thank you so much.
I wasn't even going to celebrate.
And now, I feel like I have to.
Yeah, so...
Were you raised religiously?
I was raised religious...
I was raised Catholic, yeah.
Oh, okay, so Easter's a pretty heavy duty to get up for the Sunrise Mass.
It was a big deal.
The whole deal.
So would you...
My wife couldn't remember, because she was the daughter of a pastor it was.
She still is, but...
She mentioned the Sunrise Mass thing.
But then also all the Easter hiding and stuff like that.
She couldn't remember what order they did them in.
Oh, well, I mean, you know, I mean, if you're...
I mean, we did everything, because we were just, you know...
I mean, we were Catholic and we did the whole services and all that.
But the Easter eggs were just as big a part of it.
But there are a lot of people that I know who were raised where that's like devil's work is doing the Easter egg hunt.
Because it has nothing to do with...
Oh, well, that's kind of admirable.
I mean, from the Christian perspective.
I mean, you know what?
If you go for the religious part of it, you might as well go the whole way and say that Easter eggs are...
Yeah.
I get aggravated by those things.
Technically, of course, it all comes from the Pagans anyway.
Right.
Like the right-wing people who talk about the war on Christmas because we want to make it politically correct.
Exactly.
But they won't give up their Santa Claus.
They really need their Christmas tradition, but their Christmas tradition is based on a bunch of different shit.
Exactly.
They think they're living in their little 20-year period.
Nothing's allowed to change during that time.
Exactly.
It's like a big chain-zinger.
I missed the chain-zinger part.
I came in at the very end of the chain-zinger part.
Is there anything I need to know?
Nothing at all.
Okay.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, it's weird.
You're so mad about chain-zingers.
He said Mr. Kettle to Admiral Pott.
You're mad about chain-zingers.
I'm overjoyed with them.
Jeff's in his cups, as Chevy Chase used to say about himself on his voicemails.
I think I'm delightfully Easter drunk.
I think, yes, there's no negative things.
I'm just warning Curtis that you're like a loaded gun.
It's a little different.
He looks a little different this week.
He does.
He has a glow or a sheen.
It's a sheen.
It's definitely a sheen.
It's an airy sort of sheen.
That sort of disabye, as our friends the French would say.
I don't know that word.
You know, a little ruffled, a little bit, you know, just got out of bed.
Look.
I put this together, Curtis.
This represents a lot of work.
I'm sorry.
I thought it was an accident.
No, I'm fucking high as a Georgia pine right now.
Those are high.
Georgia pines are high.
Oh, yeah.
Dan, can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
I would try to fucking chain-thing you.
I don't know how to do it still.
Well, yeah, they're hard.
They're not easy.
We wouldn't do a podcast about breathing, like everyone knows how to do that.
You do a podcast about macrame.
That's hard.
I'm not leaving this building until you've done a successful chain-thinger.
I would have to sit here in silence, like thinking.
Like it's not, you know, it's not, it's not, it wouldn't be a cool thing to do.
And the payoff wouldn't be that great.
Like just to chain-thingers are, you got to let, just forget about them.
I want you to forget about them.
There's no, there's no joy to come from, from you knowing about them.
I want you to turn away.
Deal.
All right.
Well, it could also be sort of a long-running thing, couldn't it?
I mean, you know, technically he could think about it in like in two weeks.
It could come up and then it's like a callback to the chain-thingers.
Yeah.
He could, he could do like a, like a macro chain.
Let me see what's on my little, my little notepad.
What do you have scheduled?
Okay.
Let's see.
Gay drug dealer.
Last Nights with Morgan Freeman and Clive Owen.
You guys see that?
It's like Game of Thrones fan fiction kind of movie.
It's Morgan Freeman and Clive Owen running around.
No.
Swords.
That's fine.
It's called Last Nights, which sounds like, it's like, you know, date movie or something,
but it's a-
Curtis.
Sir.
You were away for a while.
Where did you go?
I went to, I went to Las Vegas and I went to Seattle, Washington.
Were you there?
You followed me back, didn't you?
Yeah.
We went to, I went to a Comic Con in Seattle and I went to a supernatural thing in Las Vegas.
Awesome.
What was the supernatural thing?
They do these supernatural things.
I know supernatural is a show I do.
It's one of the other shows I do.
Wait, I don't know.
It's one I do when I'm not here.
I do another show called Supernatural.
I've heard of that show.
I didn't know you were on it.
You're on it as an actor?
I've been on it as an actor for about three years.
Are you a-
On and off.
Are you a werewolf or a vampire?
I'm not.
I am the evilest creature ever.
I'm an evil, evil, evil creature.
Go Mettitron!
Yes!
He knows-
What's the-
It's Mettitron.
He's a biblical character, actually.
I'm playing a biblical-
It's actually appropriate.
It's Easter.
And I play a biblical character named Mettitron, who is or was the scribe of God.
Mettitron, for those of you who don't know, Mettitron was the one who wrote out the Ten Commandments.
Whoa.
Uh-huh.
Wait, so there was another guy?
There was another guy.
I mean, basically on the movies, I always thought there was a fire that came from the bush into the tablet.
No.
His voice was the voice from the burning bush.
That was Mettitron, not God.
Oh, this is like a-
Mettitron was the guy who did everything for God.
He did everything that God-
This is according to what mythology?
According to, well, questionable mythology.
But he does exist, historically.
Is that in the Bible?
Is Mettitron's name mentioned?
Yeah, it's kind of the Bible.
Is Mettitron's name mentioned in the Bible?
The Bible?
No, not in the- I don't think it is.
I think it's actually mentioned in, like, ancient Hebrew texts that are sort of questionable.
But that's who he is.
But everybody assumes-
So God didn't give us straight to Moses.
It went through Mettitron?
It went through Mettitron.
And you play Mettitron?
Thank you.
Yes, I do.
It's the role you were born to play?
It is the role I was born to play.
It's one of the most important roles of my career.
Huh.
I mean, you know, if you think about it in terms of, you know, there's, you know, like,
there's Booger and there's Charles DeMar and then there's the scribe of God.
Right, right, right.
You know?
In terms of function, yeah, yeah.
You're assisting John Kuzak and then you're going to assist him.
And then you're going to God.
Yeah.
I mean, that's a big deal.
So that's who he is.
And God would, he would transcribe what God wanted said to the Israelites and he would
write it down or speak it.
Well, that's what I do.
Why is that?
That's not who he is.
Why is that not canonical in the Bible?
I mean, all the cool stuff is sort of questionable.
It's the, what do you call it?
It's the apocrypha.
That's what it's called, the apocrypha, which is it's supposedly part of it, but it was
sort of taken out by people because it was considered a little funny.
Apocryphal.
Yeah.
The apocrypha.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
See, they all know.
Yeah.
But that was not who Metatron was.
My Metatron, the Metatron I play is the scribe of God.
Because Metatron hated Optimus Prime, right?
That was in my bio.
The bio I wrote for Metatron.
That's a callback.
I forgot to bring this up last week, and I don't know what to do about it yet, but I
did want to remind myself to bring it up.
Books for prisoners.
All right.
So I saw these guys tweeting about it.
It was out of Seattle, actually.
The organization is out of Seattle.
So did you say hi to them?
Now I can't remember their Twitter handle or whatever, but I got to figure out how to
coordinate something with them because they tweeted at me because what they do is they
try to get books to prisoners, which is already a very worthwhile goal.
I mean, as fucked up as our prison system is, as you know, we have the largest prison
population in the world, and we definitely do not rehabilitate them very much.
We could definitely do to do that.
And the idea that there's a shortage of books that these people are inside prison, that
they're asking for books while they're in there, they should be flooded with them.
Because books cost nothing because of the internet.
And also, I think these guys, if they're sitting there going, hey, sorry, I murdered that person.
I would like to start reading while I'm in here.
They shouldn't be empty-handed.
I don't know how much we can do about that.
It does seem like a really focused, worthwhile cause in general.
I'll put some elbow grease into it and try to help.
But I wanted to mention it to our viewers and listeners because they specifically tweeted
at me about D&D books because a certain percentage of their prisoners that seek them out are asking
for D&D books.
And they can't get ahold of those either.
I mean, and it's like, my God, not only are they asking for books, they're asking for
books that would open them up to creativity, to the assembly of their own mythology, to
making shit right in a way that doesn't involve stabbing real people and stuff.
You're talking about state and federal prisons?
People are looking for books?
Yeah, I don't know all the details about it.
I just know this charity is in Seattle and I know that they just have this mass shortage
of old D&D books, which it seems like this audience would have a surplus of.
It seems like if we found out there's a charity out there, people that don't have enough McDonald's
wrappers.
I'm not saying we're fat, I just mean, for us it's kind of like, we got a lot of old D&D
books, I think.
So I don't know if we can have a drive or something like that at some point and like
ship them like crates.
Can we ship one prison, not trying to be silly, can we pick one prison where we send all of
those books to and the whole prison just starts playing D&D?
It's like adopt a prison.
It would be like the signs on the freeway.
We have to go out and find who the dungeon master of that prison would be and that prison
starts getting really into fucking Pathfinder or D&D.
It would be amazing to adopt a prison of one podcast, adopt one prison, it just starts
fucking around.
Kind of like, okay, now we're going to change wardens this week.
And we just have our favorite prisoners come on the thing, like their whole prison system
becomes corrupted because it's based on podcast listenership and stuff.
Dan, Curtis, you don't know this, but very early on a long time ago, Dan and I, I think
it was before we started recording this, we said, Dan said, let's get together, let's
use Harmontown to find a dungeon master.
Every week we'll use it like, like, what was, like, the fucking, so drunk.
The show is like the voice or whatever.
We'll use our show to find the best dungeon master.
The first week we found our friend Spencer.
Right.
Who I know.
And then we never looked any further beyond that.
Why don't we find a prison and give them all of our D&D books and then turn one prison
into a giant D&D campaign?
Is it possible?
Yes, I don't know.
I think we'll start with...
Could we get, like, could we get one prison to be really into storytelling and into fantasy
and maybe save the world and bring them on the show?
Or we do a Harmontown, we do a Harmontown from that prison, like Johnny Cash?
Yeah.
I want to do, each week we have, like, a guest, an inmate from the prison who's, like, a year
from parole and they're, like, they're eligible for early parole.
And we kind of, like, we give them a thumbs up, thumbs down.
A trustee.
Yeah.
We get a trustee.
That's fantastic.
I love this idea.
Like, we picked their brain about what they did to go in.
And then we're like, what do you think, guys?
You sound sorry to me.
And then we just let them go.
I was like, guess what?
You're not going home.
Here's a tie instead of a handcuffs.
I would love to go to an actual prison and actually do a D&D campaign there and play
with them there, like, come what may.
And maybe that positively would affect their parole hearing.
Like, the guy was so good at committing to his elf character.
Yeah.
I mean, I imagine if you, yeah.
I'm sure if your average parole board overheard a game of Dungeons & Dragons, they'd be very
impressed and want you out in the public immediately.
Speaking of, let's bring Spencer out.
Spencer?
Yay!
Spencer Crittenden and everybody.
Sorry, everybody.
That took me a while.
Did I miss a high five opportunity there?
It's easy because you're going that way and I'm over here.
Yeah.
Spencer, your high fives are built in.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, good to know.
Well, it's just because you had a pen in your hand.
Are those flowers blocking anyone from seeing your beautiful face?
Doug's fine.
I think we should strike those as they say in the theater.
Perfect.
No, I can't see Spencer.
All right.
Yeah, just put them down there.
Put them in front of Dan.
What's up, you guys?
Spencer, could you picture yourself going to like San Quentin or Falsum Prison, like
Johnny Cash, and doing a giant game mastering session?
Back there, I was just imagining, you know, walking into like just the big prison and
then there's like a prison, Spencer, who's like, you know, he has his lair or whatever,
he has it all figured out and he's like, he'd be the dungeon master of the prison and,
you know, we'd meet up and we'd have a whole day of it and we'd learn we were really alike
and, you know, maybe we'd even like trade places and he'd go to my house and my job
and stuff and kill animals and, you know.
Because that's what you do.
No, because he's a prisoner.
Oh.
And all prisoners and murder animals.
What would you do in his place in a federal prison?
I'd frolic.
No, I don't know, it'd probably be much less entertaining for me, I'd imagine.
Oh, it's books to prisoners at B number two P Seattle.
B two P Seattle is their Twitter handle.
B two P.
Oh, I'm going to continue to, they were sending me information.
They have these letters that they tend to get.
They sent me a picture of one of them.
I don't think I can read that because of all the swastikas.
Just kidding.
Prison humor.
Whatever they had to do in there to survive, that's what you had to do.
Now I'm going to turn my back on you.
Yeah, no.
I don't know if that would really be, that would probably be really offensive to people whose charity is like,
they put all this work into like furnishing these people and then you just like kind of do this swastika joke.
It's just like every prisoner movie you see, if you're a white guy in prison, you have to be a Nazi.
Do you think Dan, like in the Harmon tour, the thing that we did a couple years ago,
we went around the country and proved that Harmontown audiences are,
they resemble each other.
They're a lot like you guys here.
Do you think that we could go do a show in a prison and people would dig it?
I don't know.
I kind of like, I kind of wake up called because I'm trying to use Lyft instead of Uber now,
just because I feel like the, I just, I haven't met a woman in Los Angeles that doesn't have a story that starts with,
I call it an Uber.
If they're writing by themselves, it's just, it's not a hand and I feel like, like Uber is not that bad for me,
but it just feels like, now I feel dirty, like taking, taking Uber.
So I took, took a lift and it made me feel better because like, I don't know, the guy was like,
definitely probably would have treated my wife with respect if he picked her up.
But then again, he had his own podcast and was just talking about that.
And I was like, take me back to the, take me back to the Uber.
I told Lyft, I told him,
I talked to Mr. Lyft, I told him, you need to put a switch or if you flip the switch,
the driver doesn't fucking talk to you.
It'd be so easy.
I think that's called getting in the backseat maybe.
No, well, that's what they, they, they, that's a new thing.
They didn't use to have that.
They just always, you'd sit in the front and then you'd talk.
And then so many people were like, I don't want to do this, that they, they invented this backseat.
You could program a switch.
It'd be so easy.
Everyone, it'd be done.
That's a, that's a good idea.
Like a little switch, like I'm not, I'm not feeling in the mood for conversation.
What kind of pressure would that put them in the, if, if, if you were like, then you're
deliberately not hitting that switch.
And then they're like, now I gotta talk to this fucker.
Um, then it's like those, those, those barber conversations where like 10 minutes into the
haircut, they're like, so how's your day?
They, they, they hate you.
This is astonishing.
I just took a Lyft just last week and it was the same guy.
He, I swear to God.
With the podcast?
No way to the airport.
He interviewed me.
And I mean, it was, it was one of those.
It wasn't this guy.
It wasn't, I got a business card.
No, no, no.
He told me to give this to you and I'm not kidding.
No, it's all right.
I probably know it's a good podcast, but.
Yeah.
No, this was exactly the same thing.
I think it's, it's, you know, and this, you know, the questions went, you know, from,
you know, subject to subject.
And the fewer ants words I responded, the more he would ask questions.
So it was not like he was getting the fact that I didn't want to talk.
It was like a cue to ask more questions.
Well, they tell, like they hire the drivers based on conversational skills and they do
expect them to talk to you consistently the whole right.
It's, it's part of what like they're, you know, their business.
That's not true really.
Is it?
No, it is.
One of their selling points is they have these conversationalist drivers.
Yeah.
That's, that's part of their marketing.
I thought I was just, I was just lucky that I got one just like yours.
They're quite pleasant.
How do you think they vet for that?
Do you think they take them on test drives?
Well, they do a lot more work than Uber does to vet their employees.
I'll tell you that.
Sure seems that way.
Yeah.
Cause they do.
They make sure that they're people that are like social and can sit and talk and not
make people feel weird, I think.
So the reason I brought that up is because Jeff asked, do we think we could do a show
for a prison?
And I was like, I think, I think yesterday I would have been like, yeah, man.
Cause I'm like egalitarian, like, like awesomeness.
But my lift ride over here, I was like, eh, you know what?
I don't like most people.
Even the ones that like me, even the ones that have podcasts, even the ones I just,
I don't like you.
You're laughing too much at the hustler billboard.
I judge you.
I don't, I hate you.
I don't, the guy was like, he saw the hustler billboard.
And it had, I think like a joke on it.
It's like a cucumber.
And it said stop, stop violence against vegetables, shop at hustler.
And the guy, this is, I'm not exaggerating.
This is, this is, this is, this was the guy's response.
He's like driving.
And he was like, oh, oh, oh, shit.
Oh, fuck that billboard.
Oh, stop violence against, he read it to me.
And I was like, let's shop at a, oh, shit.
Oh, oh, like, I was like, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh, huh.
I tried trying to like scrape my laugh gland.
I get it.
Stick something else in your pussy.
Don't, don't put a cucumber in your pussy.
I got it.
Cucumber wants you to use something else.
Maybe a dildo from hustler.
Got it.
I just got that.
Me too.
You have been changing.
I hadn't gotten that.
We should bring up my wife.
Erin McGathy.
Oh, it's Hoppy Town.
Oh, Hoppy Town.
It was me the whole time.
So we, oh, sorry, go ahead.
Jeff, do you get nervous?
Do you get nervous when you walk across grass?
Am I about to be changing?
Just do you get nervous walking across grass?
Generally no.
I like walking across grass.
You're not worried you're going to disappear?
Just walking across fields?
Yeah, because the color, I would think that you'd be afraid
that you would just disappear in the grass.
Because of walking on green grass.
Let me ask you something else.
Do you have any new news from your cardiologist?
I've never seen a cardiologist.
I mean, you should because I heard it's really small.
No, your heart.
Aren't you a grinch who hates all joyful things,
including chain-singers?
It's 9-Eleven.
9-Eleven!
That's the response we want to cultivate.
It's 9-Eleven.
Is that the chain-sing?
Because I hear the thing.
Now it's 9-12.
It's not a zing.
Why is that a zing?
I see the chain part of that.
It's a jovial thing.
Earlier, Dan was listening to the band Sleigh Bells remixed.
Sleigh Bells is a band I like.
And the song I even liked.
And I do not hate gay drug dealers at all.
But it's a jovial thing.
It's a fun thing.
So walking across grass means I hate all jovial things?
No, because the grinch is green!
That doesn't fucking scan.
It's not a fucking thing.
Maybe it's not for you.
It's not a chain-singer at the end.
You go, kaboom!
Also, I feel like a zinger should actually just zing on the first fucking try.
It doesn't need to be a chain.
But well, it's our thing.
It's so fun.
I want to hear actual proof of it.
Okay, you guys keep chain-singing each other and leave me the fuck out of it.
I feel like gay drug dealers would be most dangerous.
I know, of course they are.
They have the efficiency of that whole gay aesthetic way of life.
And they're applying that to a very dangerous profession where image is very important.
And thinking or saying the wrong thing could mean death.
Yeah, I think you're doubling down on your environmental risk groups, too, for sociopathology.
There's a kid from the Midwest who came out and his parents didn't accept him.
If that's why he started drug dealing or whatever makes you a drug dealer or whatever.
It could be the nicest kid in the world, but also, if you got stabbed by a gay drug dealer,
on the eighth stab you'd be like, well, I guess.
I don't know if he was more likely to stab me than a straight drug dealer or a regular gay man.
But I know I shouldn't have gotten in this car.
With Campbell.
I was driven by an Uber driver once who told me that he was narcoleptic.
And that he can't walk up stairs without falling down the stairs.
And I still don't understand what he meant, but he's like, oh, you know stairs, I can't have.
He said, your house, your house, so many stairs.
I can't have that.
Yeah, and you kept telling him to go to a doctor and he was like, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, this is my quirk, this is my quirk.
It's not as bad.
Curtis, do you like music?
Do I like music?
Music, I love music.
Don't fuck.
You're about to be changing, motherfucker.
Watch out.
I'm open to it, actually.
Here's my problem with changing.
It's because just seeing somebody, just say it in fucking one go.
Why walk me down the road?
Curtis, do people ever get frustrated by the noise?
Of my music?
No, just the noise of your body when you enter a room.
Is it going to pay off so big?
Is it going to be a fucking pay off?
Sometimes.
Great showmanship, Jeff.
Your rapper.
You fucking show me how this is showmanship, what you're about to do, the fucking...
Jeff?
Yes.
I'm talking to her.
Tina, Curtis, what you just did is a singer and that actually works done one fucking pass.
That's what makes this a chain singer.
But I mean by your rapper.
By my rapper.
I mean, because you're so sweet, you must be made out of candy.
A chain snuggle.
Not a singer and just took long to say something nice.
That was great.
Just say you're sweet.
Wait, what's Jeff's problem with chain singers?
It's fucking stupid.
It's fucking worthless and stupid.
It's really dumb.
Why though?
Are you about to chain sing me?
No.
Because dragging out a bad singer over fucking 17 sentences is not as good as just saying
something funny.
See, that's a singer.
And that's why that's funny.
It's funny to go.
That's right, sister.
That's funny.
It's a loving, it's a loving thing.
Can I ask you why?
That's stupid.
I still want to hear why Jeff doesn't like them.
I feel like...
Because I have yet to be entertained by one.
Okay.
Well, they're not...
Chasing me.
Chasing me, Spencer.
Or changing anybody in the building.
Okay.
And make it worth my fucking money.
It's not going to happen.
The problem with chain singers is you've got to start by working backwards and then you've got to...
Going down the fucking payoff, which is just say something witty.
Just say something witty.
Well, yeah, that's the whole thing is that you're delaying the payoff.
Right.
And then the payoff is really not worth all the fucking stretch.
It's another way of saying I love you because it's never a mean thing that's said.
I feel like it was pretty mean when you said he had the music taste of a gay drug dealer
that seems mean, that doesn't seem loving.
But that's a bit that Dan and I have with us is that...
That's not a changing.
No, it was still a changing.
But I'm saying that it's not a mean thing.
You know what a zing means, right?
You know what a zinger is.
I feel like it is an insult.
Do you know what a changing is?
No one knows what a fucking changing is.
It's...
You don't fucking know.
I feel like...
This is the equivalent of you were mad at slip and slides for not being like subways.
Just put a token in it.
Then you'd show up.
Take me to work.
Why is my lawn wet?
If I want to go somewhere...
It's a fucking like...
The only thing funny about that, Dan, was you fixing your rabbit ears while you did that bit.
That's not the only thing.
But we're not here to figure out what's wrong or what's right about anything that any of us are doing.
Jeff, do you remember a couple of Easter's ago when we all flew kites?
It was the best.
It was very fun.
It was great.
Thank you, Aaron.
That's a nice thing to say.
The end.
What if Jeff just said the end after every sentence I ever uttered?
What if I said the end and it actually was the end?
That'd be fucking paradise.
What do you mean?
You want to leave?
No, he's saying he doesn't want me to say anything.
Chainsingers don't fucking work for me.
That's noted.
Because what doesn't happen in the Chainsinger is that there's no zinging at the end of the chain.
What happens in your criticism of Chainsingers?
What's the payoff?
Only the end of Chainsinging.
Well, that hasn't happened yet.
Sadly, no.
In terms of the amount of verbiage that goes into something versus the amount of entertainment that comes out of it,
how does Chainsinging compare to your criticism of it?
I think they completely cancel each other out.
No, no, no, I'm miserable because of your totally needless hatred of something stupid.
And wait a minute, can I say something?
Yes.
You know what?
She gave me a Chainsinger, which was really nice.
Right.
It was a compliment.
And it was a compliment, and she said it with a smile, and then she gave me a hug.
And she could have gone on for half an hour, and I would have been fine with that.
See, I agree with that.
I'm an angel.
I'm an angel, buddy.
Dan, you also know that my fake hatred of Chainsinging is only fake hatred.
I just don't quite understand.
I don't know about that.
It's very convincing.
The King of the Nerds is over, right?
It's over for another season.
What's his name one?
God bless him.
Jonathan won.
Did we talk about our first male?
But isn't that interesting, though, that this was the first male winner?
I can't remember if we talked about this, but is this the first season?
I'm sure this has happened on other reality shows, but this one began with the girls immediately making a macro alliance,
almost exclusively across gender lines, excluding only two girls.
And it was really effective, and they just squeezed the guys out of the toothpaste.
And to a man, all of the guys were eliminated with absolutely no idea
that this was going on.
That's right.
It was like this biological phenomenon that just went,
and they just squeezed the testosterone, like popping a zit.
Pretty much.
But the one guy that they led into that fucking alliance.
They led in two.
Oh, was the other guy?
And the other guy, they wound up competing against each other at the end.
Which was so biological.
It was like those rhino beetles, you know?
Trying to throw each other off of a twig while these women watched.
But I just think that's very interesting.
It was the first season that I'd seen that happen where the girls did this really effective thing
that almost threatened to kind of destroy the show.
It was so simple.
I know.
That was the thing that I loved about it, was that these women got together,
and they wound up letting a couple of guys in.
But before they let the guys in, the idea was cross-team alliance to keep men out.
Based on the very practical, simple solution,
which is that women built in, like they're in the women's bathroom together.
And they're like, they have that time together.
And no one is going to suspect anything is off kilter if all of them are gone for a half hour.
And all come out at the same time.
Because we don't know what goes on in there.
It's a super smart objective alliance technique because you can just say,
well, it's just women because we're women, not because we don't like you or anything.
If you did that with any other quality and your other attribute, genetically,
you would be in big trouble.
And it's just the fairest skin.
Yeah, it's just the tall people.
The short people got to go.
That's all it is.
But mind you, as effective as it was as a strategy, two men wound up competing,
and one of them actually won.
So there you are.
And it was the first male winner.
And the one woman who was left out of the alliance was one of the final four.
So it really, it was a strange series of things.
But I loved it.
I had a great time.
It was a great season.
We really loved Colby.
Colby had a great.
Such a fascinating archetype.
He was like, if a hack white writer wrote like a magical black reality show contestant.
Because he was there.
The reason he was a nerd is because he grew up in the streets and wanted to make his mom happy.
Now he's a math teacher.
And I knew all the students were watching.
Every single thing he said, it was like, wait, did William Goldman write you?
I don't mean William Goldman's a hack.
I didn't mean that.
But I mean, he wrote Goodwill Hunting and didn't even take credit.
Colby was like, he had that mood shift.
I don't know how much of this is editing, but he felt betrayed at one point.
He wrote him up, sacrificed him, and he never really recovered from that.
Emotionally, it looked like.
He had an odd feeling with the rest of them.
He wanted to be there, obviously, and he'd done what do you call it, Jeopardy.
He'd won Jeopardy like three times or something.
So the guy has obviously had experience.
But it's unusual when they get into that into Nerdvana.
It does weird things to people.
One of the most outrageous things that had me clutching my fist and yelling at the TV
was the moment when he came back.
They had tried to kill him and failed.
So now he comes back and there's always that weird thing in all reality shows.
Like, oh, you tried to slip my throat and your knives didn't work.
So let's play part cheesy.
But I found it really culturally fascinating that here he is sitting there,
a little dour, not totally willing to play Improv Star Wars with them.
My read was that he was over it because there was kind of like a clicky group sex vibe a little bit.
Yeah, there was that too.
And that's when they all started in with this thing that drove me a little crazy where they were like...
Also, they were drinking and he wasn't.
They started playing the Nerd card in order to try to...
They're like, come on, we're all nerds, but betrayal is betrayal.
We all know what it feels like to be picked on and kicked on.
Yeah, but you less so right now at this particular age of March.
And then they became the bullies on the bus when you were a kid that were like,
ah, you've showered. Come on, man.
And then it's like the worst bullying.
I thought it was a really interesting family.
The show continues to fascinate me because again, they're like, it's real nerds.
Actually, the reality show shit is all the same,
but it reveals more honest stuff than just like, oh, this Barbie doll broke in this way and this one broke in this way.
It's like, I like watching those dynamics.
That heavy fellow that had the nervous breakdown was comparing himself to Razzal Ghoul.
Using Razzal Ghoul as a mentor, he's like, look, here's the reason I'm acting this way,
because Razzal Ghoul would do this and that.
I'm like, well, that's okay. Batman hates him.
Anyways, you should watch it.
They can watch it on Demand or something.
You can watch it on TBS on Demand or you can watch it on iTunes, I think.
And can we just check in about...
We'll just bump it and glance off, but the topic of how Bobby's doing?
Bobby Carradine was in a big car accident in Colorado the week of the last episode.
So it was kind of distressing. He seems to be on the mend, however.
Which is absolutely a miracle.
You're given what that car looked like.
Thank you.
Well, that's good. And his wife was in the car as well.
Yeah, she was fine. Believe it or not. I mean, she walked away.
Man, there was nothing left of this car.
If you see the picture of the car, there's nothing left of the car.
We're on the verge, in our lifetime, I think, unless actuarial tables are correct.
In my lifetime, we will see self-driving cars.
We will see a kind of Google grid of cars that take you...
I don't know that they won't have a steering wheel, but we're going to see this happening.
The big question that Spencer and I have, we've been talking about it, is
once that starts happening and it has this incredible impact on the amount of car accidents that happen,
are they going to start making cars out of paper?
Are they going to be interested to watch human society decide,
well, what about these 2017 safety standards that we keep jacking that up
and playing this game of insurance claims versus fatalities versus statistics versus traffic?
If we were able to switch over to a system by which cars have gotten relatively few car accidents,
would we immediately drop all that shit and then make cars really unsafe
so that the handful of times when a computer crashed a car,
it was this horrible human sacrifice on the altar of Skynet,
but everyone just looked the other way.
They're just like, well, we all got to go to work,
so our two paper cars crumbled into each other and it was just skull against skull.
I don't know, I wonder if they're going to do that
or if they'll keep making cars out of these cages with these air balloons and stuff in a sophisticated way,
because it's very impressive what we've come to so far.
Yes, it is.
You know what? Poor taste for me to talk about it right now.
But it was on my mind.
Thank you for asking. No, he's doing well.
That's fantastic.
All right, so look, I mean, I think we didn't accomplish that much last week.
I think we might have only crossed the street last time.
We got to get DeMorge up here.
DeMorge Brown!
Come on!
So for the first time in a while, we have a full complement of our Shadowrun cast up here.
I love it.
Fabulous, fantastic.
I was very excited last time, because remember Jen was here?
The woman you called up for, is she here?
She's not here tonight, but she was here last time.
And I finally got what I'm supposed to do.
Oh, really?
Just from watching her.
You're supposed to ask questions.
Oh, really?
Yeah, you can ask anything you want.
I know, I never thought about asking questions, until she said,
can I do such and such?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And I went, oh my god, I should have been asking that.
Spencer loves that.
I know, I'm going to do it this time.
Yeah, I love questions.
I watched last week's show, as it was happening.
I would kind of like to do my character, as Julia doing.
She was interesting.
Yeah, I saw her in line earlier, when I had my big mask on.
Is she here tonight?
She is.
I'm not sure who, can you guys just check top and pass the rest down?
It's always been that way.
Julia, how are you feeling?
Yeah.
Julia, what are you on right now?
Nope.
All right.
All right, Spencer, do we have a guest author of the recap?
Yeah, but I can't remember who it is.
There was someone on Reddit.
I'll get you back, Reddit guy.
Should we just give it a try?
Yeah.
All right, Spencer, take it away from an anonymous recap author.
Sorry, Reddit guy.
I'll say it was Frack.
Last time on Harmon Time Shadow Run.
Mercy O'Donnell went into the burger tyrants.
All right.
That's it.
That's how much ground we got there.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Let the punishment fit the crime because we didn't do shit.
She had like a Carol Burnett laugh.
She had a very delightful laugh.
Can you laugh?
Like that.
Oh shit.
I enjoyed her.
She was a delight.
She was like a pine tree air freshener hanging from the roof
mirror of the stage.
She was like a beautiful hot air balloon.
Spencer, she was going to meet, was it Anthony Spazuli?
Arturo Spazuli.
Spaguli.
Spaguli, sorry.
My writing is, wow.
So we're meeting Arturo Spaguli.
Yeah.
Mercy is in there.
Okay.
You guys are outside actually.
Just kind of waiting, waiting for her.
Okay.
I have a snack.
I don't know what I'm going to be doing.
I have made a mistake.
Someone else do this.
Someone else do this right now.
Okay.
Come on.
I would like a hot dog wink.
Can I veto this?
Yes.
Okay.
That was my ode to Julia.
Let's get drunk after a girl.
All right.
Hi.
I'm sorry.
What am I doing?
You're standing in a burger tyrant.
Right.
And I'm looking for this guy's, I'm sorry.
The plan was for you to go in and just lure this guy out using the oldest weapon in the
business.
All right.
Old Smith and Sexton.
Hi.
Hi, young man.
I know you hear this every day, but me and my girlfriend, it's my girlfriend's bachelorette.
Our stripper didn't show up and we would never ask you to strip.
But a couple of the girls have a crush on you.
Could you just, could you just come out and take a picture with us quickly for a second?
Arturo is, he's wearing a fine Italian suit and stuffing burgers in his face.
He's holding a burger in each hand.
His hands are full of burgers.
He barely seems, you know, bothered by the words coming out of your mouth.
He's like, no can do, honey.
Sorry.
He's like, um, um, um.
Okay.
Um, I'm going to use a con.
I think you already were.
All right.
Um, how about negotiation?
Okay.
All right.
Hey, look, you come outside.
I'll give you a kiss on your balls.
One single.
You see, now, now we're playing shadow run.
See, Julian, that's all you had to do.
That was your crime was not doing that.
Just walk in, walk in and offer a ball kiss.
I'm a classy lady.
I just have this thing with kissing anonymous balls.
Um, just come outside and I'll just, I'll just give you a little kiss on the balls.
I'm kind of busy.
Give me, give me 20 minutes.
I'll be right out.
Yeah, this guy's just like me.
You said the process.
What?
He's like, wait, when someone says, kiss your balls, you say, give me 20 minutes.
Can I, can I use perception to see like why, why the delay?
Uh, what can I use perception to understand like why he doesn't want his balls kissed
immediately?
Um, you see, you don't see a reason why he doesn't want his balls kicked.
I'm, um, kissed.
Is it possible that, uh, from a distance I might cast a spell?
Uh, yeah.
If you can, yeah, anyone you can see you could probably cast a spell at.
Might I enter the room?
I enter the room.
Okay.
You enter the room and the, the guy, he drops his burgers and draws two pistols.
The fry cooks each drop pistol and appointment.
You guys are like, get the fuck out of here, boy.
Sorry, that's rude.
Well, I'm sorry.
Hard to get it.
Hard to go to Swedish, right?
There's black people in Sweden.
Well, that raises the question.
Is it hard to go black?
It's a, I don't know.
It's hard to go black.
Absolutely not.
Then it's fine.
It's all fine.
The problem of being a boy is that I am tiny and short.
And I have certain possibilities that I might.
And I'll wait for the awkward conversation between Special and the Borge Lady.
However, I feel like it's happening right now.
Given, given, uh, given, uh, the landscape that you have, uh, left out.
I believe shouting at me that I can see you.
And given that I can see you, perhaps I can cast a spell.
All right.
What do you want to cast?
A spell of stupidity in which you are open to suggestion.
Can I, can I?
Is that a real thing?
Yes.
Can I pull horticard aside for a second?
Uh, I'm standing.
We're in the middle of a move.
Yeah.
Like, well, you're, you're a good 10, 15 feet off and there's like four guns on the guys.
So, okay.
I don't know.
You're, I mean, you could do something, but it might.
Might as cast a spell of susceptibility then.
Uh, is that a spell that you have?
That just makes you more hurt by things?
No.
It makes the subject more susceptible.
Could I, may I ask a question?
Yeah.
Could I cast a spell and put him into a complete troll skin?
Wait, what?
A troll skin.
It's armor.
And I'm the doctor.
I think you have troll skin.
No, no, no.
No, according to, excuse me, but, but according to this, uh, I've got, I've got, I can, I
can, uh, well, maybe it is me.
Yeah.
I think it's you.
Is it under armor?
Yeah.
Troll skin.
Never mind.
You can put it on and run in front of it.
Seriously.
Is there a susceptibility spell?
I don't mean to, if there is, you could do it.
I've heard of it, but however, let's try this.
You're making up spells?
No.
This is one that I've read up.
Is it on your spell list?
No, it's not.
It has to be one of the spells that you know.
I don't think it is.
Are you trying to cheat Shadowrun?
Might I use, no.
I would like to cast turn everyone into pillows.
I don't, I don't think that's a spell you have.
Might I use a mind pro to find what his resistance is to the face that no one can resist?
Uh, who?
The, the guy with the burgers?
Mr. Burgers.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
Okay.
So fun fact, casting a spell, it takes some time and if you cast a spell, people will
know you're casting a spell and casting spells also causes like apocalypses and people's
heads to explode, so it might be really, really a threatening thing to do.
Right, put the mind probe.
But he's saying like it's the, they got their guns on you and they told you to get the fuck
out.
If you cast a spell, it's the equivalent of pulling a gun out.
Like they, they might shoot you.
Yeah.
Right, so maybe, maybe do more good for me.
So do less, do less.
All we want is to get our tourist bagouli out of there.
Mercy or Donald asked, I'll suck your dick or lick your balls.
I will kiss your balls.
I'll kiss your balls.
A single time.
He said he'll be out in 20 minutes.
Should we just wait him out or should we?
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
20, yeah, let's wait him out.
Well, I'm.
Can we just cool our heels for 20 minutes or should we?
Well, I mean, yeah, like a horde of guards, get out of there.
Is it possible that I might order a burger?
Not.
That's possible.
Which given might take 35 minutes or so.
You go outside and you leave your weapons outside and then you come back and you get
all the burgers you need, my friend.
I require one.
OK.
Is it even that amount?
I got in the comic and say, everybody, let's just buy it our time.
20 minutes.
Mercy's going to kiss a couple of balls.
We're going to get our tourist bagouli out here.
We'll take him.
We'll get the money.
That's going to be good, right?
Yeah.
I apply a lot of chapstick.
Is Curtis's character in the car with me?
Yeah.
I'm school there.
All right.
Dialogue break.
So, I haven't been on a lot of shadow runs with you.
Well, you know, these always make me very nervous.
The shadow runs.
How does a man in medicine become such a destructive force?
That's the problem.
Is I figure sometimes I try to resist, but sometimes I have powers and it's more than
I can do to control them.
You go on shadow runs to exercise your powers?
I go on shadow runs in case anyone else is hurt.
That's my job as a doctor.
But sometimes, sometimes, when we get into these kinds of situations, I do have powers
and I lose control over them.
Like that agony spell?
I was just thinking about that one.
I remember that.
Because I was thinking that if there's a problem in there, I may have to use the agony spell,
which goes against all of my rules as a doctor.
Yeah.
I'm kind of conflicted because, you know, I want this one to go clean, but I really loved
you casting that agony spell.
I wanted to do the troll skin, but I wasn't allowed to.
So now I'm going to have to do the agony spell.
Ready?
No.
You're going to do it now?
Yeah.
No, don't.
No.
I jump on the comic and go, boys, if you're thinking about casting agony spells, can
we just wait 15 minutes to get this fucking done?
We're just sitting in a car waiting.
I mean, I can do it just through the window.
We know.
Guys, on the comic, I'll kiss everyone's balls, just wait.
Wait a second.
I go on the comic and say, Mercy, would you go kiss a doctor's balls and fucking have
him lay low for a second?
Kiss everybody's balls so we can just get Anthony Spraguli out of here.
Arturo Spraguli.
The thing is, it's an empty offer, but it usually works.
Why is it an empty offer?
Because I've never actually kissed any balls.
Why haven't you kissed any balls before?
Why would anyone just kiss balls?
I mean, if anything, it's just a show that I'm subservient and I'm not.
I mean, it's something that turns guys on.
I feel like kissing balls is its own reward.
Will you show me how to kiss balls?
Will you kiss the doctor's balls?
Okay, I will.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay, I walk up to the doctor and I say, doctor, I'm going to kiss your balls.
I'm going to do it for one reason, because we're going to find out the importance of
kissing balls, the ratio of ball kissing to pay off, where you don't have to jump in
and cast agony spells and make any kind of cause.
Eve, Eve, Eve.
Woman to woman, you're going to blow my cover.
Getting your balls kissed, I don't think is actually that great.
It's just something I say, but please don't.
But don't just, if you start kissing balls, then the deflation of ball kissing.
But you said you've never kissed balls before.
How do you know what they're about?
No, I know, because I never had to.
We're not doing this, we have to.
We're doing this.
I mean, you kiss all the balls you want, but you don't have to do a study about how
worthless it is to have your balls kissed.
Spencer, is there a way for me and Mercy to talk privately on the Comlink?
Or is it always over the hole?
What the fuck?
Mercy, this is Eve on a direct message.
Hello?
Hey, hi.
Mercy?
Yeah, yeah.
You got me?
This is just Eve.
I think they went off channel.
Can you keep a secret?
Yeah, yeah, girl, if you want.
You got to promise me, Mercy, you can keep a secret.
Who can hear me?
Check, check.
I'm here, I can hear you.
Oh, you can hear me?
All right.
Believe me, before they went dark.
Mercy, I'm not doing this for you.
I'm not doing this for the mission.
I'm doing this because I want to kiss the doctor's balls.
I think that's beautiful and powerful, and I think that's great.
And if you don't have to talk to me about it, but if you want to tell me about it, you can.
I think I deserve to be heard in this conversation.
What if I don't want my balls kissed?
What do you get out of it if you do kiss my balls?
You can hear them?
I just know you get the shame of not taking the balls kissed.
I go offline.
Where am I, and where is the doctor?
You guys are all in the truck.
I'm in the car.
Okay, I just start kissing the doctor's balls.
We're all just in a car, right?
Aren't we just in a car?
It's just like prom night in Milwaukee.
Can you explain, did you unzip his pants and then cradle his balls out of his pants?
Yes, precisely.
What did you do with his dick?
Did you touch his dick?
The dick has nothing to do with what I'm doing.
This is simply about me?
You just fished his balls out like a goldfish bag at a carnival?
Hey guys, we're all in the same car.
Watch me work.
It's one elf, one doctor, two.
It's just as rewarding.
Two balls.
Let me fucking do my thing, and I start gently kissing the doctor's balls.
I placed my author about 15 minutes ago.
I just wanted to get any progress on the background.
I would like to take this moment to say that I really appreciate all the work that Spencer does
and all the work that he puts into these.
Thank you.
Thanks.
It was a great job.
You don't think that when he writes the maps and the descriptions of different rooms
and then we spend a half hour kissing balls that he's not like, phew, I gotta wake up.
I'm certain that he's like, yeah.
It's all good.
So I'm kissing the doctor's balls.
I mean, yeah, what does the doctor have to say about that, right?
Well, I gave up.
I thought I had an opinion, but I guess I don't, so I'm just going with it.
Doctor, I'm kissing your balls.
And it's up to you.
Doctor, friend, whether you, I'm just trying to prove a point,
whether we could have gone and kissed this guy's balls and got him out of here.
Wait, you're still insisting that there was a point?
You said this was about your wife and your niece.
Okay, guys, truth be told, I just want to kiss his balls.
You don't say.
Okay.
I said, now I'm just sucking him.
Now I'm just fucking.
Now I got both, I got both balls in my mouth at the same time.
And now I'm just fucking, I'm really fucking going at it.
I know I'm not on this link, but how, how is it that you're talking?
Can you say what you just said again, but as if you had the doctor's balls in your mouth?
With both balls in your mouth.
And by both balls, I mean one scrotum.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Using it, no stuff.
Like a link.
I'm going to make a perimeter, I get out of the car, and there's like a
dolly shot of me walking down the street with the car in the background
and I'm just like shadow runs it sounds like there are cicadas in the
trees it's too much shadow on this one
while I'm sucking the doctor's balls I cast a butterfly spell and I cast
two butterflies to tickle both of his balls from the side while I'm sucking
his balls I start licking his butt but I cast two butterflies I cast two magic
butterflies I cast force for butterflies to tickle his balls while I'm
looking at you but I find a playground I'm just like I got my fingers to the
chain link and I'm just watching children play and I'm just like and the
and the story on my face is like of a man who thought that he knew what
darkness was I conjure to force for a butterfly like also don't don't exhaust
the doctor because you might need him to revivify you for further action he
won't be exhausted he'll be he'll be terrified has it has it been 20 minutes
you know it has my burger I I unconsured the butterflies ago guys this
is fucking let's just get on with it just trying to kill some time okay so 20
minutes as as explained rolls by and yet no one actually no 20 minutes can't go
by because you're still being held up by the fry cooks demors you have guns
pointed at you still that hasn't been happening for 20 minutes that'd be
ridiculous so what are you doing with these guns pointed at you let me use
the mind probe Jesus listen man I can I do I understand what's going on can I
think you're at a playground well yeah but I mean can I can I hear all right
okay where's night play where'd he go I'm at a playground why you in the
playground for the sake of balance man fucking tonal balance all right I was
about to balance his balls with two butterflies hey yeah and I'm balancing
you're balancing man you guys come out of the shadow run come on we'll go make
some btl chips ball licking shit hey horde guard the there's a anti gun rule
at the burger Tyra you gotta get out of there give your guns to the guy
without turning my back on the individuals with guns pulled the hands
raised yes I walk backwards I walk backwards I give them a smile it's very
difficult for me so I'll need the doctor later can we see that smile yeah that
happens you walk out and I am saying to them gentlemen gentlemen and I'm taking
as long time as I can because I've also ordered the burger well you you haven't
you can't order a burger with weapons I they're not letting you I'm backing out
of the place you back out successfully I am outside of the place you sure are
harry timewise with the 20 minutes 20 minutes passes and no no one no one
comes out you think maybe something's gonna ride mercy didn't you said didn't
he say that he was gonna come out if you look those balls are kissing look I
know you're high and mighty because you got to look some balls I know no he has
not come out he's not come out alright I'm gonna go check the back I run back
into the restaurant okay what's going on in there just nothing just he's he's
sitting he's done eating he's reading the newspaper oh my god there are two
girls that were in a car accident outside oh no were those those two girls
that wanted me for your bachelor no no no two children two children got in a
car accident we we all watch them and we're too drunk to help them please
please come help doesn't sound like my bag what a fucking asshole I'm gonna I'm
gonna head to the burger tyrant from the playground okay but going around is
their back entrance there is but it seems super locked yeah wait this guy
won't come out for two children in a car accident no he's a he's a mobster and
it's the future if you think the present is selfish right but if I've
learned anything from Grandfather the godfather but the godfather he was so
grand wasn't he mafia in the 70s like yeah I mean it's only gotten worse the
burgers he's eating are probably made of children too soon organized crime is
all about code right and you protect children they have dances and you have
to buy their organized crime movies that we've seen play out a particular story
which is that organized crime much like capitalism itself like it's slowly
eroded by its own code which is profit above all else so what starts as the
black hand in Sicily and it becomes La Cosa Nostra turns into just a bunch of
business people okay okay I walk out and I come back in again and I say two
Ponzi schemes got in a car accident I'm gonna crazy can I can I use my grapple
gun to Batman up to the roof of the burger tyrant yeah I mean you laugh but
this is my style I get it this is what I do that's why I laugh I'm like a cat I
fight higher ground I come down from from from up above so let me know when
I'm up there let me know what my options are you're up there it's there's some
small fist size pipes for ventilation yeah not people size all right nothing
nothing cinematically sized no I'm afraid not all right fine go going back
down okay reality check it's a trope called well it's it's the you know it's
not much ventilation in a burger tyrant of course not why would there be I don't
know what it will prohibit it for me to go use my other an alternate identity as
a security guard yeah but you still look the same exactly so secondly is it
possible that the doctor could give me another skin I don't I think the troll
skin is just something he has if he if he could disguise I go in the comic and
I asked our whole team why is it so hard to get one guy out of a fucking burger
place it's not a helpful question we have to be able to get one guy out of a
burger place let's let's just muscle up and go get this I'm gonna have organized
how do I use my organized scrap my organized crime skill to get him out can
I use that also under qualities it says moderate egg allergy that's not a
quality that is an absolutely a quality it's it's what made me want to work for
you I I want to when I get a turn what was the other question organized crime
how do I use your knowledge of organized crime to learn stuff I mean I want to
learn how to lure this guy outside using my organized crime knowledge nothing
that's like looking at the walkthrough for a video game for me what a moderate
egg allergy would it be would it be possible for me to inflict the agony
spell on you not the guys with the guns but on you the dungeon master not you
not not you but the guy we're trying to get out sure I put the agony spell on
him when he goes down screaming in agony I come rushing in saying I'm a doctor
yeah now we're fucking talking that's what I'm talking about so I I put the
spell on him how does that go I mean let's not because he's yours let's not
short change the audience on the agony spell so I roll down the window of the
of the truck actually do you mind if I can I hold on I mean I just want to get
this on video I we're recording oh yeah I know but not from this angle okay you
fire off the agony spell and it lances through the window and hits him right in
his dumb suit he goes down a righty thing around in what looks like agony is
there a verbal component to the spell though I feel like there's a verbal
component oh oh oh all right I I guess I I guess I should just let things that
make me happy go I just remember that first week you just going I don't
remember that but anyway okay that's much better and so okay so it's done
yeah down on the floor in agony yes yeah out of the way let him breathe are
you carrying your weapons no I'm not I'm carrying my bag all right so I kneel
down I give him an injection he passes out I need help somebody you men with
guns help me get him out to our truck I'll get him to the hospital oh yeah
yeah we'll help you out okay we'll help you right out my tie in the meantime run
to the van and bring it to this this this this portal what the door to bring
it oh yeah just like bring it up bring it around the restaurant a portal it's
a portal it's a portal yeah yeah technically yes I'm gonna try to pick
the lock on the back door okay just because I'm a completist with with
just a lock pick I I go I go to the playground I want to find out what all
the fuss is about over that play I go to the back and I and I start painting
myself with cold grease I'm sorry that's what I did I'm sorry that's what I
can't I can't wait to go to Arby's after the show that's the greatest side bar
in RPG I guess I do know what you said that reminded me of that just covering
yourself in grease I was like Arby's I love you so much
and maybe we just rub pizza just watch Empire which is a pepperoni drink
alright alright but let's finish this up you can't pick the lock because it's
it's not a pickable lock it's one of the mag locks story of my life alright
let's go alright the van the truck comes around it uh yeah well I guess it's a
car whatever it comes around you you and the the thug guys they drag the
unconscious friend out or not friend Arturo out into the street where they
just kind of leave them they don't care so much they just kind of drop them
outside and go back back inside so we lift them up into the truck okay that
happens I leave the door open I jump out the car is still running I was just in
this loading him into I had back around front is so our churro has passed out
yeah okay I unzip his pants there's no need to make sure this is me there's no
code make sure that no one's around a deal is a deal I just want to know what
it's like well I just so I I fish out his balls like a bag there are people
around though what the fuck I'm walking back from the playground back to the
car and I see this happening and I I'm starting to thumbs up it what are you
doing well people are around I wanted it just be my own self-discovery mercy
mercy yeah who what I'm awake I must have been daydreaming mercy what what
I'm holding balls I put them back inside a zip it up huh sorry sometimes I have
dreams this is all something I've seen before so I leave and I'm in the driver
seat waiting to drive away hey listen man I gotta tell you guys like I go in
shadow runs because I'm a wanted man without a past no future this ball
shit it's like a whole different level for me you're asking me to go deeper and
like darker well night play why don't you give us a list of your limitations
and we'll try to follow I heard the high road mean when you're the one I only
for fun because the ball knowing right now that we have our tourist bagouli we're
almost done accomplishing our mission just for fun this was an easy one yeah
I cast force for stun bolts on a night blade then the fuck they unzip his pants
and conjure to a butterflies what hoda God puts the car in park
cliffhanger all right
thanks Curtis Armstrong for coming back Curtis Armstrong everybody he'll be
back next week right you have to come back now Erin McGathy to Mars Brown
special credit and I'm Jeff Davis your mayor Dan Harmon everybody we didn't get
a whole lot done but we asked a lot of questions happy Easter happy birthday
Jesus it's not his birthday isn't this it's just coming out did you get any of
you